Tidy BwdServer tests (#3714)
darklang/dark: CODING-GUIDE.md

- Every file should start with a comment describing it.

- all files have a formatter, which should be setup automatically in VSCode. Use

>   `./scripts/formatting format` to format otherwise. Unformatted files fail in CI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `./scripts/formatting/format format` to format otherwise. Unformatted files fail in CI.
```

### Types

- Avoid using bools for function parameters to configure. Instead use a type with two
  cases. `match` on the type to ensure exhaustive checks

- Unless impossible or impractical to do so, avoid using wildcards in pattern
  matches. When changing a type we would like the compiler to tell us everywhere that
  has to be changed.

> - Include type annotations for parameters of all functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Include types for parameters, as well as the return type, of all functions.
```
